Paul advised the Ephesians and Ephesians 4.26 and 27,
let the sun not set with you in a provoked state,
neither allow place for the devil.
Yes, some even have changed the congregation
that they attended because of nursing a garage and being offended.
What can cause a garage to develop?
One may not have received certain privileges that one counted on.
Or one feels hurt because of seemingly or actually having been reproofed unjustly or too severely.
Some harbor a garage because they have been criticized,
especially if this happens repeatedly.
We can help others not to harbor a garage by not saying things that hurt
and by not trying to pull the straw out of the other's eyes, so to say.
So what if somebody offends us?
We are all occasionally guilty of a tactless or even unkind remark.
And so we want to also forgive others.
Don't we want others to forgive us, our unkind remarks?
There's nobody that does not sin with his tongue.
Don't talk with others about your garage except with a trusted friend.
Talking with others may cause a division in the congregation or family.
Let's see what the Bible has to say in Proverbs chapter 17 verse 9.
Whoever forgives a transgression seeks love.
But the one who keeps harping on a matter separates close friends.
Hold his spirit can help us to forgive.
If you cannot forgive and forget, then talk it over with a person that hurt you.
Holding a garage can lead to serious sin.
With Bible examples like Cain held a garage against Abel leading to his murdering him.
Joseph's brothers held a garage against him because of his dreams and because he was the favorite of his father.
Some of them even intended to kill Joseph.
In contrast, Joseph did not hold a garage against his brothers.
He saw nurse the murderous garage against Jacob because Jacob got the firstborn's blessing.
He saw even considered killing him after the death of his father.
Herodias was nursing a garage against John for exposing her adultery and this led to his murder.
But fortunately we have many fine examples in the Bible.
Job prayed in behalf of his three companions who had caused him so much grief instead of holding a garage.
He prayed for them.
Jonathan did not hold a garage when he learned that David would inherit the kingdom, although David was about 30 years younger than him.
Peter did not hold a garage against Jesus who called him Satan or resistor.
Also after being rebuked by Paul even publicly, Peter continued to express love for Paul.
Martha was not nursing a garage against Jesus for his loving counsel related to preparing a meal.
John Mark did not hold a garage when Paul did not want him to go with him on a missionary tour.
He continued his active service traveling with Barnabas.
What about the silent treatment?
So-called silent treatment.
A definite obstacle to communication is the silent treatment truth.
And sometimes the victim uses this as a kind of punishment.
However, watched out in 2006, September 15, page 23, paragraph 16 said,
quote, this is not always a matter of punishing one's partner, as it may result from frustration or discouragement.
End of quote could border even depression.
One may just be at the loss of words without holding a garage.
Some may be very outspoken and defend others repeatedly.
Proverbs 12, 18 says, thoughtless speeches like the stabs of a sword.
Thoughtless speech is not legitimate communication.
Communication should be carried on in a loving way.
Even if somebody did not want to hurt another intentionally, thoughtless speech, exaggerations, and so on still hurt.
If somebody stabs you with a literal sword unintentionally, does it not still hurt?
Therefore, this spends with talking intense, intense expressions really cause offense.
This makes sense, doesn't it?
Intense talk is like a storm.
Gentle talk like a pleasant breeze.
Intense talk is like a rock concert.
Gentle talk like pleasant music.
Intense talk is like an avalanche or a blizzard.
Gentle talk is like beautiful quiet snowfall.
Intense talk is like pouring a bucket of water on a newly planted flower.
Gentle talk is like gentle rain.
So let's all be gentle men and gentle women.
How something is said is very important.
We can read that in Colossians 4 or 6 texts that's generally well known.
4 or 6 says, let your words always be gracious, seasoned with salt, so that you will know how to shoot, you should answer to each one.
In order to be gracious in your tone of voice and word, choice.
As recipient of unloving words, resist the urge to be sarcastic and keep your volume down.
But as Watchtower said some time ago,
quote, even whispered words can be argumentative if they are irritating or demeaning.
Avoid hurtful accusations such as, you don't care about me or you never listen.
Some are argumentative by nature or because of the way they were brought up.
Blurting out one's views or feelings may be hurting.
Yes, blurting leads to be hurting.
Maryam Webster defines blurting, quote, to say something suddenly and without thinking about how people will react.
Therefore, switch on the mind before you start operating the mouth.
If hurt, why not excuse yourself and walk away for a short while to cool down?
Go into another room or go for a walk until we've regained your composure.
This is not the silent treatment.
This quote from the awake of 15th of December, page 4.
Don't let Grudge pull you into a sludge.
Grudge is also a robber.
It robs us of peace of mind.
It's like rust that slowly corrodes the body of a car.
The car's outside may appear beautiful, but under the paint there's a problem.
Love keeps out resentment and grudge as a good roof keeps out rain.
And love never fails.
In fact, our love for Jehovah is tested by our love for our brothers.
Here's a scary quote from the inside book, William II, page 1149.
An individual is condemned by God if he bears a grudge for real or fancied wrongs
down to himself or to someone else.
It's that serious. It means to be grieving the Holy Spirit.
Remember, we must forgive others.
That's what the Bible says in Leviticus chapter 19, verse 18.
It says, this, you must not take vengeance nor hold a grudge against the sons of your people.
But it doesn't end there.
The second part of the verse is just as important.
It continues and says, you must love your fellow as yourself.
I am Jehovah.
So we appreciate that love never fails and will overcome any feelings of harboring a grudge against somebody.